we are taking our show on the road we're
going to Las Vegas next week and we have
a star-studded lineup Tiffany Haddish
James Taylor Kevin Hart Seth Rogen
Celine Dion the Kardashians the killer's
lot of stuff Vegas is my hometown we
wanted to do something to get the locals
ready for us so we gave my cousin style
fake mustache and we sent him to work
security at a Golden Knights hockey game
to puck around with unsuspecting fans
and this is how that went quiet please
quiet please buy it
he'll sir
do you want to come with me yeah yeah so
walk through that's alright you'll take
a second sunglasses off for a second all
right
mind if I feel your arms pretty strong
good yeah that's good all right that'll
be $15 this is secondary expedited
service so I got you through faster than
you normally would have that's $15 well
UDI I asked do you want to come with me
and you said yes sorry sir comes to real
quick I'm too real good okay now it's
$30 if you went through twice all right
sir I'm sorry I'm sorry come through
just come through all good I know I know
but that's $45 if you want to go for 60
everybody should he go over 16 now as
you know a lot of fights happen the
stadium most dangerous weapon is nice
nope just nope fingernails fingernails
yep let's take a look okay I'm gonna get
that one yeah you'd be surprised
see that how that one's hanging there
all right you weren't sandals to a
hockey game huh
is that a Canadian thing
yep okay good all right
okay these check out all right
I think they're all in order and put
them in your pocket all right you're
free to go all right
so it's about your shirt what did you
say on the back the United States we've
have been having so many problems in the
stands and this is Winnipeg come into
play and we just feel like it's gonna be
it's gonna you know no problem do you
think god no no not the problem is it's
Winnipeg coming and they're gonna see
you're gonna see it as a threat like
you're saying talking about I mean we
love the community now of course we do
of course we do I just have to give you
another shirt to wear I'm not no no no
as an American I'm trying to explain it
to you tell me I can't wear these just
Jersey no I'm not saying I'm just saying
you you're not allowed to wear that
Jersey what do you want to do to me
well nothing are you gonna sing the
anthem my wife though she sings for you
she's a singer you're talking about who
are you what I'm dr. Weinstein I don't
get up red signal at them
I just been for the you know a Saudi I'm
a veteran I salute the end all right do
you think it is Jersey job thank you you
get to make you understand my position
right don't at all cuz I was hoping
you'd explain it to me sir I love this
country I don't care I'm not thinking I
love it I love it
I've been wearing this Jersey for two
years yeah alright come on come on
alright yeah Canadians right yeah
[Music]
alright alright fresh and clean have a
good game no no no that's all mine now
okay go ahead
never mind if I check your mouth what do
you like about the Knights anything
who's your favorite player huh huh Carl
I can't understand you Oh Marla food Oh
Carl it's good that checks out all right
go ahead and lose the pants take my
pants off yeah there you go
dude I'm kidding oh yeah say hi to Jimmy
Kimmel Live your pervert yeah take a
couple tickets for the show all right
April 1st April 5th all right here in
Vegas
thank you make sure you put your pants
on right
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though